Add initial ftrack plugin (#1)
foundrytom/OpenAssetIO-Manager-ftrack: README.md

# ftrack OpenAssetIO Plugin

A skeleton OpenAssetIO ManagerPlugin that binds ftrack to the API

> **Warning**
> This plugin is highly experimental, and subject to significant
> change.

## Getting started

> Place the `plugin` on `$OPENASSETIO_PLUGIN_PATH`. It requires

Reviewer: [fix] I'd be a bit more explicit here. I had to search through the OpenAssetIO repo to figure out what to do here, eventually finding an example in Simpleresolver. I don't think it's necessarily apparent from "place X on `$OPENASSETIO_PLUGIN_PATH`" that `OPENASSETIO_PLUGIN_PATH` is an environment variable that needs to be set externally.

Having `plugin` in code-quotes here could also be misconstrued, as it implies a direct quote, but there is no directory or file called `plugin`.

Author: [This](https://github.com/foundrytom/openassetio-manager-ftrack/pull/1/commits/ce9da004bce1d45d9c213bfebd1916fbd35d6787) better? (`plugin` was a hang over from when the dir was called that, sorry had forgotten to update the doc).

Reviewer: :+1:

`openassetio` to be available to python at runtime.

The plugin provides a manager with the identifier `com.ftrack`.

## Testing

```bash

> python -m venv .venv

Reviewer: [consider] Arguably obvious, but I think we should be explicit which directory you should be in when running command sequences

Author: [This](https://github.com/foundrytom/openassetio-manager-ftrack/pull/1/commits/ce9da004bce1d45d9c213bfebd1916fbd35d6787) better?

Reviewer: :+1:

# ftrack OpenAssetIO Plugin

A skeleton OpenAssetIO ManagerPlugin that binds ftrack to the API

> **Warning**
> This plugin is highly experimental, and subject to significant
> change.

## Getting started

To use the plugin in an OpenAssetIO host, set (or append) the
`OPENASSETIO_PLUGIN_PATH` env var to include the `python` directory in
this checkout.

The plugin requires `openassetio` to be available to python at runtime
(see the [project documentation](https://github.com/OpenAssetIO/OpenAssetIO#getting-started)
for more information).

> The plugin provides a manager with the identifier `com.ftrack`.

Reviewer 2: [consider] Users are likely to skip the "Testing" section, but currently you have to read it or you may not know to `pip install -r requirements.txt`. Perhaps best to mention `requirements.txt` here?  Or is it expected that users will already have those dependencies  in their environment?

Author: See revised documentation [here](https://github.com/foundrytom/OpenAssetIO-Manager-ftrack/pull/1/commits/60cc8be3ed0bf89fc2c18547836d3171f2654a56).

## Testing

The test fixtures take care of configuring the OpenAssetIO plugin search
paths for you. Assuming your working directory is set to the root of
this checkout:

```bash
python -m venv .venv
. .venv/bin/activate
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt

> python -m pip install -r requirements.test.txt

Reviewer 2: [consider][minor] Just to throw a couple of other options into the mix.

* The two requirements files can be placed on a single line, i.e. `pip install -r requirements.test.txt -r requirements.txt`; or
* The test requirements can refer to the main requirements, i.e. adding `-r ./requirements.txt` to the top of `requirements.test.txt`. This apparently works even if `pip install` is run from a different directory too (which kinda surprised me).  Then the command-line only needs the test requirements file.  Possibly obscures things slightly, though.

But very minor, happy as it is.

Author: @feltech Have a look at the structure now. I re-jigged it a bit to better match some of our existing projects.

Note in particular, I removed `openassetio` as a pip managed dependency until we have wheels actually published to PyPi, and tweaked the note in the README.

# ftrack OpenAssetIO Plugin

A skeleton OpenAssetIO ManagerPlugin that binds ftrack to the API

> **Warning**
> This plugin is highly experimental, and subject to significant
> change.

## Getting started

To use the plugin in an OpenAssetIO host, set (or append) the
`OPENASSETIO_PLUGIN_PATH` env var to include the `python` directory in
this checkout.

It requires the `ftrack-python-api` package to be installed.

```bash

> python -m pip install -r requiements.txt

Reviewer 2: [fix] Typo 
```suggestion
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

```

The plugin also requires `openassetio` to be available to python at
runtime. This is normally provided by the host tool or application (see
the [project documentation](https://github.com/OpenAssetIO/OpenAssetIO#getting-started)

> for more information if you need to install your self).

Reviewer 2: [consider] Typo
```suggestion
for more information if you need to install yourself).
```
